skaar just outside victory lane to come
in and join the celebration now he's
entitled to go there not just as the
father of the winner but has the winning
car owner indeed
Dale Earnhardt jr. like six times for a
hundred and six lives you know last
night I've predicted this was going to
happen I just had a feeling all week
long that they all are now junior who's
gonna win this place see the crew
members from other teams coming out to
congratulate you and Jeff Burton's crew
members
what a great day for this rate great
racing family and for the Petty's their
fourth generation star Adam petty got
his first taste of Winston Cup
competition today animal end up fortieth
but had a strong race until he came out
of it and lap 215 there's the
Intimidator even today proud father
there is a heart as thick as a man
I know how it feels it's special to see
your children be good things if it means
more many times and it always did with
me if they stood means more than
something that I ever did I expect very
thunder that would happen well Ned you
won 50 wins to Cup races but I remember
the emotion in your voice she described
the first time Dale Jarrett won Winston
Cup race up at Michigan it's so special
it's sometimes hard to put into words
every day I doubt they're watching and
listening knows what we're talking about
I mean if your son wins in Little League
or whatever it is over a special woman
when your children do special things
well he's in the family business now
Dale Earnhardt jr. is a Winston Cup
winner and a push series champion he's
run a hundred ninety miles an hour all
day and now coasted into Victory Lane
and waiting on him along with Dale
Earnhardt is Ken Squier his dad is here
first
what am Hammond the seven-time Winston
Cup champion pushing his son's car door
stop
in victory lane here at Texas hey fella
what does it mean to win your first
Winston Cup race that's pretty special
till you see more emotional than I've
seen you in all your victory come on
how about it bill this is a bigger
moment for you as it is for him I think
today he saw me Elsa Tania he's talking
about coming to Texas and winning his
first Cup race he won his first Busch
race here when you two kid could do it
Tony your and all the guys worked really
hard enough I gotta think Budweiser
Chevrolet and everybody this kid he
worked hard and Tony Tony Gina Tony jr.
Tony senior Richard Gilmore and all the
guys in that engine shop we've got a
good race car a good engine a board
Rover good race and it was only your
12th start in Winston Cup yeah I'm out
of breath
hey I'll tell you what that was the
hardest part is race ever dude
certainly drove a beautiful one today
and you were pulling away at the finish
yeah we had a blue all day long all week
long and uh felt pretty good and well
it's the race started what's right star
and a good car and I was pretty happy
you certainly did a beautiful job
Dale Earnhardt jr. wins his first
Winston Cup victory let's go to Mike joy
like father like son Dale Earnhardt jr.
conquers TechSoup ahead of Jeff Burton
Bobby Labonte Rusty Wallace Kevin LePage
the top five
I don't think I've ever seen Dale
Earnhardt senior that the Daytona 500
maybe close 6 through 10 Jeremy Mayfield
Dale Earnhardt Terry Labonte Tony
Stewart and Ricky Rudd what a day as
they tame the asphalt frontier for Ken
Squier Ned Jarrett Buddy Baker dick
Berggren Ralph Sheheen and Bill Stevens
I'm Mike joy staying so long from Texas
Motor Speedway for Dale Earnhardt jr.
has won his first Winston Cup race the
DirecTV Texas 500
this is he won his first paid